Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson
The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language. - Alan Kay
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad. - Cory House
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. - Austin Freeman
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
Your code is shit.. your argument is shit. - Linus Torvalds
There aren't enough swear-words in the English language, so now I'll have to call you perkeleen vittupää just to express my disgust and frustration with this crap - Linus Torvalds
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. - Kent Beck
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke
Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. - Burt Rutan
Deleted code is debugged code. - Jeff Sickel
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V. Berard
Software and cathedrals are much the same: first we build them, then we pray. - Anonymous
Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. - Ellen Ullman
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it - Dennis Ritchie
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different - Coco Chanel
The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user - C.A.R. Hoare
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming - Brian Kernighan
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before - Bill Gates
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined - Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late - Seymour Cray
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in - Edsger Dijkstra
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code - Dan Salomon
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else - Eagleson’s Law
The best error message is the one that never shows up - Thomas Fuchs
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature - Rich Kulawiec
The only thing worse than a bug in your code is two bugs in your code - Anonymous
Good code is its own best documentation - Steve McConnell
Programming is not about typing, it’s about thinking - Rich Hickey
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements - Brian Kernighan
A language that doesn’t affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing - Alan Perlis
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take - Roy Carlson
It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature - Anonymous
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight - Bill Gates
The hardest part of design is keeping features out - Donald Norman
If you think it’s simple, then you have misunderstood the problem - Bjarne Stroustrup
Programming is like writing a book... except if you miss out a single comma on page 126 the whole thing makes no sense - Anonymous
The best programs are written so that computing machines can perform them quickly and so that human beings can understand them clearly - Donald Knuth
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street - Doug Linder
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was - Anonymous
The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice - Richard Moore
Programming is the closest thing we have to magic - Anonymous
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner - Jim Highsmith
Code never lies, comments sometimes do - Ron Jeffries
string.Empty - Gordon Freeman
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state - John Ousterhout
Simplicity carried to the extreme becomes elegance - Jon Franklin
The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build - Bjarne Stroustrup
Programming is thinking, not typing - Casey Patton
The key to performance is elegance, not battalions of special cases - Jon Bentley
The best code is no code at all - Jeff Atwood
A good programmer is someone who looks both ways before crossing a one-way street - Doug Linder
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer - Filipe Fortes
The only way to go fast is to go well - Robert C. Martin
Code is read much more often than it is written - Guido van Rossum
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren’t there - Gordon Bell
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit - Anonymous
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code - Richard Pattis
The most important thing in programming is the name. A name can make or break a program - Bjarne Stroustrup
Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do - Donald Knuth
A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete - Terry Baker
The best way to predict the future of software is to invent it - Alan Kay
The only true measure of code quality is how many WTFs per minute you get when reading it - Anonymous
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order of magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability - Randall E. Stross
Programming is not a science. It’s a craft - Richard Stallman
We are solving Real-World problems. Not some imaginary ones. - Andre Reitermayr
The [tinydrm] code seems like absolute pure shit that has never seen a compiler. - Linus Torvalds
criminally stupid? *I* will show you stupid! - clang
So please burn that patch in the darkest pits of hell and let's try to forget it ever existed. Ok? - Linus Torvalds
My price is the guarantee for your quality - Andre Reitermayr
Debugging: When you are the detective and the murderer - Anonymous